[docs][core] update quick starts with new dataset (#11653)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-faq.md

- Download and run YugabyteDB on a local machine. For instructions, refer to [Quick Start](../../quick-start/).
- Upgrade to a [standard cluster](../cloud-basics/create-clusters/) to access bigger clusters with more resources.

To evaluate Yugabyte Cloud for production use or conduct a proof-of-concept (POC), contact {{<support-cloud>}} for trial credits.

### Can I migrate my free cluster to a standard cluster?

> Currently self-service migration is not supported. Contact [Yugabyte Support](https://support.yugabyte.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360003113431) for help with migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently self-service migration is not supported. Contact {{<support-cloud>}} for help with migration.
```

Author: Done in a previous PR
